[Music]
you're in a remote valley of thermal
springs in Russia's vast wilderness
discovered less than 80 years ago this
snowy landscape is only accessible by
helicopter
around the boiling vents the snow begins
to melt away uncovering rich vegetation
below ready and waiting for this exposed
greenery a brown bear 300 kilos of claws
and power
the geothermal activity here creates
rich feeding grounds that are available
far earlier in the season than
surrounding areas but coming here is not
without risk as one false move near the
hot springs could be fatal
[Music]
food is so plentiful that this area
boasts one of the highest densities of
brown bears anywhere in the world being
out in the open like this does not
recommend it this one they have noticed
us
the Bears here are among the largest
land predators in the world with some
males reaching 700 kilograms
they're also particularly tolerant of
people at each other
which is lucky
you